[Microsoft Graph Mail] Enhance msgraph-mail-get-attachment command (#36759)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphMail/ReleaseNotes/1_6_18.md

#### Integrations

##### O365 Outlook Mail (Using Graph API)

> - Added a command argument *should_download_message_attachment* to ***msgraph-mail-get-attachment*** command, which allows to return email attachments of type "Outlook item" and ".eml" as downloadable files.
> 
> ##### Microsoft Graph Mail Single User
> 
> - Added a command argument *should_download_message_attachment* to ***msgraph-mail-get-attachment*** command, which allows to return email attachments of type "Outlook item" and ".eml" as downloadable files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a command argument *should_download_message_attachment* to the ***msgraph-mail-get-attachment*** command, which allows returning email attachments of type "Outlook item" and ".eml" as downloadable files.

##### Microsoft Graph Mail Single User

Added a command argument *should_download_message_attachment* to the ***msgraph-mail-get-attachment*** command, which allows returning email attachments of type "Outlook item" and ".eml" as downloadable files.
```
